I'm going to
by myself
you should be fine as long as everybody
does the barefoot pose
got four minutes to get roster that's
why you can't emergency PTA meeting
today at five o'clock when we see you
there I'll totally get a sitter on a
Tuesday night actually what do I have in
the schedule today you're super late for
your marketing meeting the bake sale no
BPA no MSG no BHA no BHT no sesame no
soy and of course no nuts or eggs or
milk or butter or salt to sugar wheat no
I'm so tired of trying to be this
perfect mom done said everything I've
ever felt about their mom but couldn't
say don't punish your kids don't say no
to your camera
and all DM heart trying to make our kids
lives amazing and magical their lives
already are amazing and magical be bad
moms cleaning the novel Sweet Pea if you
have to move down the perfect moms are
those store-bought doughnut holes baby
oh I say we go punch that chick right in
the tits right
holy is that your mom bro so give
one long boom this is my sexy bra looks
like you wrapped an ace bandage around
touch it is it hot oh my god
looks like an eye mask I can you put it
in the fridge you got a very boys
override thing happening right now
Kenz is 'never hard what's it never
heart he never gets fully hard so I just
have to kind of fool just penis up like
a balloon animal and then shove it up
inside me I mean that sounds horrible
sometimes I take the balls and shove
them up there too because at least you
know they're firm it's impossible to
know whether or not you're doing a good
job my son still watches Sesame Street
and he doesn't get it my son failed stay
home
my daughter stole money from a homeless
woman I love them so much I would
literally die for them right now every
time I think about that big dumb
going off you call it doing
you